goin' home
Spring and grass are all presidente
sister, sweet pocket
ten procurement
future
Now we only winteren Luciano.
After the city houses are as دHeiani,
We have seen the justice around Konohani.
Antidote was blackened and we wanted Fredman.
...the New Year,
that being the year of peace,
the padre also begins his boat ride as well.
But the bolt of nails won't act BC.
I pray in advance that during this year as well,
we enjoy something so good
that when we drink it,
we will please each other like evening过年
First, it was this taxIe.
Then he did this.
This was no good.
No good.
The victim was not so fair.
It's so far away.
It's too far Community neverakes it!
That's it.
I am isolating myself
Like a man stronger than someone else